feat: Implement Mesh in Konnect feedback (#6098)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/network.md

want to use port `3001` for the proxy, map `3001:8000`.

## Hostnames

> ### Runtime groups
> 
> Depending on your Runtime Group type, you may need to add hostnames to your firewall allowlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Control planes

Depending on your control plane type, you may need to add hostnames to your firewall allowlist.
```

{% endnavtabs %}

{:.note}
> **Note**: Visit [https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/ip-addresses.json](https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/ip-addresses.json) for the list of IPs associated to regional hostnames. You can also subscribe to [https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/rss](https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/rss) for updates. 

### Mesh Manager

> If you plan to use [Mesh Manager](/konnect/mesh-manager/) to manage your Kong service mesh, you must add the `<region>.mesh.sync.konghq.com:443` hostname to your firewall allowlist. 

Reviewer 2: Do we want to re-iterate the possible options for `<region>` here? E.g. `Region can be us, eu, or global.` in the same way that it's called out above for Gateway Manager.
